
User Guide for Flask-based Supply Chain Optimization Project

Introduction:
    This guide will walk you through setting up and running the Flask-based supply chain optimization project. This project includes the following features:

    Calculation of Economic Order Quantity (EOQ).
    Integration of a blockchain to record supply chain events.
    Forecasting future demand using the SARIMA model.
Requirements:

    Python 3.7
    Required Python libraries: Flask, NumPy, pandas, scikit-learn, statsmodels, matplotlib
    Run command to install : pip3 install Flask numpy pandas scikit-learn statsmodels matplotlib 

Setup Instructions:

        Download the Project Code:
        Obtain the ZIP file of the project code from the source provided.
        Extract the ZIP File:
        Unzip the downloaded file to a location of your choice.
        Install Required Libraries:
        Open a terminal or command prompt.
        Navigate to the project directory.
        Run the following command to install required libraries:
        Copy code
        pip install flask numpy pandas scikit-learn statsmodels matplotlib
        Run the Flask Application:
        In the terminal or command prompt, ensure you are in the project directory.
        Start the Flask application by running:
        Copy code
        python app.py
        The application will start and be accessible at http://127.0.0.1:5000.
        Access the Application:
        Open a web browser and go to http://127.0.0.1:5000.
        You will see the main page of the application where you can input parameters for EOQ calculation.
        Using the Application:

Input Parameters:
        On the main page, input the following parameters:
        Annual Demand Mean: The average annual demand for the product.
        Demand Standard Deviation: The standard deviation of demand.
        Setup Cost: The cost associated with placing an order.
        Holding Cost: The cost to hold one unit of inventory for a year.
        Service Level: Desired service level (e.g., 0.95 for 95% service level).
        Lead Time: The time it takes to receive an order.
        Submit the Form:
        Click the submit button to process the data.
        View Results:
        The application will display the following results:
        Calculated EOQ.
        Blockchain details including blocks with order-related events.
        Forecasted demand plot with EOQ-based orders.
        Total cost of the simulated supply chain.



Example Input and Output:

Example Input:

            Annual Demand Mean: 1000
            Demand Standard Deviation: 50
            Setup Cost: 200
            Holding Cost: 10
            Service Level: 0.95
            Lead Time: 10
            Example Output:

            EOQ: 150 units
            Blockchain Data:
            Block 1: Order Placed, EOQ = 150
            Block 2: Order Received, Quantity = 150
            Forecasted Demand Plot: A graph showing the forecasted demand and order points.
            Total Cost: $1,500
            Zeline Projects Contact Information:






Thanks for buying the project from Zeline Project Services! If you have any questions or need further assistance, please contact us:

Mobile: +91 8824414850
Website: https://zelineprojects.shop
Instagram: @zelineprojectservices
YouTube: Zeline Project Services
